>> Steve Kinney: We're going to move
into what I think is the crown jewel
of a lot of stuff we've
been talking about today.
Imagine first the JavaScript performance
and the network performance.
If I said, you can fix both dramatically
with one weird trick, right?
You'd click that link bait article,
you totally would, right?
So let's talk about that,
which is lazy-loading and
pre-loading with React and webpack.
We know that there's a cost to Javascript,
right?
We know that there is a cost
to the network, right?
It'd be cool if we could
reduce that a little bit.
First, just to kinda make my
point I'm gonna go out for
the two golden rules again.
Not doing stuff is
faster than doing stuff.
This is I think a reworded
version of the first one.
Doing stuff later is a way to not do
it now, and is thereby faster, right?
Cuz it's a version of not doing it now.
So there's a tweet from Sean Larkin
who works in the Webpack team.
It's kind of setting a goal of bundles,
all bundles,
all JavaScript being
less than 300 kilobytes.
You're like, but you showed me a graph,
and the graph is big, [LAUGH] right?
My application when
fully loaded is I think
like five megabytes of stuff,
the whole way through.
But notice there,
there's a word kind of lazily or not.
What if you don't need
everything all at once.
So, I think about the app I
working on is InGrid, right?
There's a full editor for manipulating
campaigns, and there's a code editor and
there's all of these crazy things.
There's a thing for
uploading your contacts and
a bunch of different features.
I don't know what the person came there
to do, so I send them everything, right?
They might not need that
entire DragonDrop editor and
the WizzyWig text editor like wake and
style stuff.
They might not need the code
editor if they're using that.
They might not need either of those if
they're just uploading some new context.
They might not need even that if they are
just going and tweaking some settings or
dealing with some alert that we sent them,
or
checking on the stats of their
most recent campaign, right?
But right now, and
I'm working on fixing this, but right now,
we send them absolutely everything, right?
And they receive all this code,
they have to parcel this code.
Like they pay that cost,
that's a giant yellow slug that I showed
you on the screen shot of our application.
In fairness that is our drag and
drop editor on that page.
But considering I said in
the same bundle no matter what,
they're paying that cost regardless.
So if I can send them less code,
they have to like,
less code has to go through the tube.
Less code shows up at the other side
of the tube which means they have to
parse less code, all right?
If they parse less code, that's gonna be
faster, cuz all the crazy stuff we saw
earlier, not doing that is
faster than doing it, right?
And then we can show them,
then if they want to go to the editor,
I'll send them that code later, right?
And I won't send them the model space
code editor, the context uploading thing.
As they need stuff,
I will send them small bits more that they
actually need as they go
through the application, right?
Cuz doing it later is a way to not do
it now, and not doing it now is faster.